>> The structures are massive,
ancient, and glorious.
They have inspired
humanity for centuries.
Some have been labeled
the wonders of the world,
but their origins are
mysterious and controversial.
>> All around the world, from
Gobekli Tepe in southeastern
Turkey, to the high
Andes in Bolivia,
with the Gate of the
Sun, pyramids of Egypt,
we find these megalithic
constructions that nobody knows
how they are constructed.
>> If there was just one
anomaly or even three,
that would be one thing.
But there's thousands
all around the world.
From pyramids in Egypt,
Guatemala, Mexico, some of them
dating to the time of
hunters and gatherers.
For instance, in
Turkey, temples have
been found that are built
out of megalithic rocks,
12,000 to 13,000 years old.
>> How is it possible that
supposedly primitive peoples,
hunter-gatherers--
they don't have their wheel,
they don't have an organized
culture, supposedly, but somehow
they're able to build these
constructions out
of five, 10, 20,
1,000-ton blocks of stone that
sometimes they haul for miles
before they're put into
their ultimate location.
>> The blocks that they were
using to build these temples
were so massive, that they
couldn't have been dragged
along by manual human labor,
and then put into exact perfect
position.
And then, the arrangement
of one block to another
was fit so tightly
and so perfectly.
>> We know that
in ancient times,
many people built
beautiful buildings,
beautiful cathedrals, without
knowing mathematics and modern
principles.
>> Some of these remarkable
monuments are not anything we
could reproduce today with all
of our technology currently.
>> How were these giant
stone structures created,
and by whom?
>> People who were
transforming to higher states
of consciousness, and
in these higher states,
they got understanding what
should be done and how they can
do it.
>> Or it was using sound
technology to create
an anti-gravity field or some
kind of magnetic resonance.
There was a way that they
had an advanced technology
to build these temples
and these megaliths.
>> It might have been sound or
frequency in combination with
technology, that a certain
frequency would produce
gravitational effects.
>> There's no other real truly
scientific explanation for how
they accomplished what
they accomplished.
>> The ultimate answer
has to involve sound.
They must have been able
somehow to put themselves
into some kind of sympathetic
resonance with these materials.
Personally, I believe it makes
sense that many thousands
of years ago, Earth was in a
different vibrational state
than it is today.
>> The possibilities are as
intriguing as the buildings
themselves.
But maybe that's
not where we should
start unraveling the mystery.
>> We tend today to always look
at the actual constructions
on the site rather than starting
by looking at the land itself.
In all of these cases in
the ancient world, and only
in very recent times,
was the understanding
that you always look for the
sacred power spots first.
>> Many megalithic sites,
including pyramids and stone
circles and sacred
sites around the world,
are deliberately located on
Earth energy lines or at nodal
points of this global
Earth frequency grid.
>> These are the points on the
Earth that have a particular
power to them, that have a
particular vibrational quality.
And that vibrational quality
is actually the energy quality
of the original unified field,
the singularity state, the one
that everything came out of.
>> They seem to be intended for
transmuting or channeling that
energy for healing or
ceremonial purposes.
>> These sacred power spots
on Earth function similar
to chakras or acupuncture
points in the human body.
And they will have
the ability to help
to harmonize energetic
fields and consciousness
through the energy of that site.
>> These power spots have unique
alignments across the globe.
>> Everywhere you
look on the planet,
you find these magnetic
nodes which have these power
locations coming up
out of the Earth,
whipping around the planet.
But these locations are where
a lot of the ancient temples
and structures are built.
>> You can start to see that
they were not just placed
randomly around the world, but
they seem to be placed in very
specific relationship to each
other and with very specific
mathematical angles
to each other.
Teotihuacan being
a great example,
where you have the Moon Pyramid,
the Sun Pyramid, and what
is called the Way
of the Dead, which
I like to think of as more
the way of initiation.
>> Biggest power spot becomes
where the palace of the ruler
will be formed.
Then other power
spots will be where
they place all the different
temples and the places
to connect directly to spirit.
They'll also take
the power spots
and they'll create
a pathway from it,
knowing that the pathway,
which would later
become the road systems, is
going to be a type of channel.
And it will take the
power spot energy
and run it along the
pathway as if it was water
running along a water channel.
>> Underneath the
Pyramid of the Sun,
and also Great Pyramid at Giza,
they have the ability to absorb
something called physio-static
electricity from running water.
As the water moves under the
magnetized granite at the base,
it creates physio-static
electricity,
which these ions rush up into
the pyramid itself, and there,
extend into specific chambers.
Once it hits these
different chambers,
the hypothesis is that in some
way, it creates electric power.
And in some way, it comes out
of the apex of these pyramids.
>> Another way to look at this
energy current is from a sonic
or musical perspective.
>> For instance, in Teotihuacan,
this way of the dead had
waterways that flowed from
one level to the other
to the other, to the other,
showing very specific
relationship between each
of these cascades of water
to produce very specific musical
harmonics across the whole
complex.
>> At Chichen Itza, you see
something really amazing.
You have the pyramid
of Kulkulcan,
which is a great
temple, and then
you also have the
Temple of the Warriors,
and you have the observatory.
These structures were built long
before the Mayans even arrived.
The Mayans learned about
some of the secrets
of the sounds and
frequencies that are
emanating from that location.
Depending on where
you're standing,
you can hear different sounds.
If you clap or make
a certain noise,
you can get different
echoes back.
>> All of these are nodal points
on a web or a matrix of energy
across the Earth's surface
that, in the ancient traditions
of the West, was
referred to as the net.
And the people in
ancient Egypt that
knew how to work with
this vibrational matrix
were literally called, in the
documents from ancient Egypt,
the masters of the net.
>> Could it be that the masters
of the net were leaving us
a spiritual and technological
blueprint for all ages?
>> If you look at the
Teotihuacan pyramid complex
in Mexico, right by Mexico City,
you discover something amazing.
First of all, they have
the same exact alignment
of the three pyramids at
Giza by the Great Pyramid.
The second thing is
that the perimeter
of the sun in
Teotihuacan is exactly
50% of the height of the
Great Pyramid located
at Giza in Egypt.
Also what's amazing is, the
base of the Pyramid of the Sun
is exactly the same
exact size as the base
of the Great Pyramid at Giza.
So what does this tell us?
It tells us that it's
the same architect.
The same architect that built
the Great Pyramid complex
at Giza is the same
exact architect
that designed the
Teotihuacan pyramid complex.
>> Who were the
Masters of the net,
and where do we find them
in the ancient texts?
>> Biblically, we
have the story--
Joshua and the walls of Jericho.
>> Joshua, who is the
successor of Moses,
who was trained in all the
wisdom of the Egyptians,
has an extraordinary way of
bringing down these walls.
The Lord tells him to
have his warriors walk
around the perimeter
of the walls of Jericho
once a day for six days.
They're following
seven priests who
have ram's horns in their
hands, and they're also carrying
the Ark of the Covenant.
And he tells them that
on the seventh day,
they are all to walk around the
walls of Jericho seven times
while the priests
simultaneously blow
a long blast with their horns.
[HORNS]
>> And then, at one point,
they gave a great shout.
[YELLING]
And the walls came down.
>> What that tells us is that
they're walking in unison,
they're shouting in unison,
and there must have been
a consciousness
component as well.
And with that sound, they're
able then to bring down
the walls of Jericho.
>> The ancient people possibly
had a way to reach sympathetic
resonance with each other, and
with the given material such
as stone, and its
particular density,
which is also a frequency.
>> If they knew the correct
resonant frequency of whatever
made up the walls, they could
have conceptually used sound
in that manner.
>> The Bible makes clear that it
wasn't the Ark of the Covenant
that brought down those walls.
It was the power of sound
in the unified consciousness
of the soldiers and the priests.
>> Conspiracy can
mean a secret plan,
often negatively oriented.
But the actual breakdown of
the word in Latin, conspire,
means to breathe together.
So any time people do singing
groups together, chanting
mantras or praying together,
visualizing together, dancing
together, this is a
kind of conspiracy.
Anything powerful can be
used to heal or to harm.
>> The masters of the net may
remain a mystery for the ages,
but perhaps it's possible to
decode the messages they left
behind, including the principle
of sympathetic resonance.
>> Resonance is a very important
principle that has to do with
how things self-organize
into collective behaviors.
>> If enough people
come together,
and they actually are able to
use their vocal cords to create
the same frequency--
[CHANTING]
--where there's the ohm, the
primordial ohm, or another type
of a frequency--
chant or a mantra,
those frequencies can
resonate together in a way
where eventually, they can
actually move solid objects.
>> Ultimately, understanding
these principles of resonance
and sympathetic resonance can
allow us to actually understand
how to build very
advanced-technology
instruments, musical instruments
you can think of, that are
resonating in the proper
configuration so that they
produce a sympathetic resonance
frequency to this fundamental
energetic field
of space and time.
And then, when you
have that, it's
like you've logged on to
the structure of space
and the universal internet.
>> It's believed that the
ancient cultures used several
resonant type technologies, one
of them being the djed pillar
in Egypt, which is essentially
a column with four cross-bars.
>> The pyramids were
sound structures,
or the purpose of the pyramids
was to vibrate at certain
frequencies, to bathe the entire
Egyptian civilization in these
frequencies.
How were those sounds
then transmitted?
And the idea is that that's
what the djed pillar was for.
It was sort of like a
transmitter of the vibration
coming from the pyramid.
The Egyptians had a really
interesting conception
that if you saw an
image of a djed pillar,
it could perform the
function of the djed pillar.
So maybe the image
of the djed pillar
actually performed
that function as well.
>> And this djed ironically
looks just like a Tesla coil.
If you look at the electric
poles in your neighborhood,
you'll find little
djeds attached
to the main box that's connected
adjunct to the telephone
and the electric poles.
What's interesting
is, Tesla found a way
to utilize this in one
of the experiments,
and he actually turned
it into an oscillator.
Now, when you look
into ancient text,
you find that the
elite of the elite gods
had something called
a djed pillar ankh.
The djed would be actually
embedded into the actual ankh,
and the oscillation would
match the exact frequency
of the owner.
Now, why was this important?
Well, they had stargates
in those times,
according to their text.
They had gates where they
would walk from one planet
to another.
The gate itself was key-coded to
the specific frequency of only
the highest-level people.
And if you didn't have the
djed pillar ankh in your hand
that resonated
your frequency that
was programmed into the gate,
you couldn't walk through it.
>> In addition to the
djed, they had the Uas,
which is a rod that has a base
that looks just like a tuning
fork.
And I'm of the opinion that if
something looks like something,
then it is that.
So it's quite possible that the
Egyptians would utilize the Uas
pillar as a tuning fork
that would literally
help them to continue to
resonate at that higher
frequency emanating
from the pyramid.
Also in Egypt, we see
the origins of a symbol
called the caduceus,
which is a central rod
with entwined serpents that's
topped by a circle or a ring.
And the idea is that
that rod literally
is a magic wand that produces
a ring or a vibration.
In the classic example, you'll
see the Egyptian god Thoth
holding the caduceus
wand while he's also
holding the key of
life and resurrecting
Seti from the dead.
So it appears as if the
caduceus and the key of life
do in fact work together.
And of course, in
the Greek tradition,
Hermes carried
the caduceus wand,
and this was his
tool or instrument
that he used to open portals
or gateways between realms.
One of the famous examples
of ancient machining
is, at the Temple
of Seti at Abydos,
there's a temple
called the Osirion
that is 40 feet
beneath the ground
level of the Temple of Seti.
It's composed of Cyclopean red
granite blocks, mostly composed
of quartz, which
means it's going
to have a resonance or
a vibratory capacity.
And etched on two of
those enormous pillars
is a flower of life.
Nobody knows how it
got there or when,
but it's another
clue that this is
the path we need
to follow in order
to understand how the Osirion
and other temples that
are like that were
actually constructed.
>> The shape of the temples also
may play into this resonance
theory.
>> We understand in biogeometry
that the very well-known
pyramid shape that they used
in Egypt to build on the sacred
power spots, to connect the
power spots in the heavens with
the power spots in the earth,
that that shape itself is one
that resonates with what in the
West today we call the astral
plane.
And so by putting
this particular shape
on that location
on the land, you
are creating a connection
between the Earth
and the first true spiritual
plane of experience,
so that people could then,
in the pyramid shape,
have an experience
of the astral plane
and begin an astral journey.
>> The construction was
shrouded in sacred geometry
and sophisticated mathematics.
>> The King's Chamber in the
Great Pyramid was set at a very
specific angle of
about 6 degrees,
15 minutes off of center.
They understood the powers
of all these angles inside
of the shape geometry
of the pyramid.
>> In 1859, John Taylor was the
one who first discovered that
the pyramid has encoded
within it the formula for pi.
He discovered that if
you divide the perimeter
of the Great Pyramid by
its height, you get 2 pi.
This is at least 2,000
years before pi is actually
discovered.
The Great Pyramid encodes
the speed of light.
It encodes the
circumference of the Earth.
It encodes the distance
between the Earth and the moon.
>> Archeologists are now
discovering evidence that this
expertise was found
across the globe.
>> Now, we have lidar technology
that allows us to see under
the foliage in southern
Mexico and Guatemala
and so on, and we're discovering
thousands and thousands
of pyramids--
some very large, that we
thought were mountains.
We're seeing that there
is a very specific
intended relationship between
temples all around the world.
>> Were the humans during the
era of building pyramids more
sophisticated than
civilizations today?
Did they have outside help
or other gifts unknown to us?
>> In the construction of
those megalithic temples,
we always find a legend
about sound as a method
of levitation, or the power
of sound and its impact
on the human body.
Personally, I believe it makes
sense that many thousands
of years ago, Earth was in a
different vibrational state
than it is today.
And as a consequence,
human beings
had access to levels of
mind, methods of perception,
that we're not even
aware of today.
>> The Ancient Egyptians
understood that they could use
sound in a much more advanced
way than we know today,
to be able to move objects,
or to reduce their weight
and the gravitational effect,
making these types of amazing
constructions much easier to do.
Even into modern times, there
has been the preservation,
in some closed groups,
some family groups,
of the knowledge of
how to use particularly
sound to be able to do a
type of stone levitation.
It cannot just be done by the
average person off the street.
They have to have had
done work to transform
their consciousness state,
which then transformed
their energetic body, to be able
to merge with these vibrations
and direct them properly.
>> The big question is, where
did this technology come from?
When a person is in front of
the Great Pyramid or even in it,
you get a tremendous
inner sense or a knowing
that this is non-human.
And by that, I don't mean to go
to extraterrestrials or aliens
and flying saucers,
because they didn't
need flying saucers in order
to move around the cosmos.
What the pyramid texts say
is that ordinary humans
have the ability to be
transfigured into a higher
being of light, and then be
projected through the pyramid
portal to other
regions of spacetime.
And conversely, beings from
other regions of spacetime
could come to Earth
through the pyramid.
>> Are there human beings
capable of such expertise
in modern times?
Surprisingly, examples do exist.
>> An amazing modern-day
technological feat is right
here in America.
It's called the Coral Castle,
located in Coral Gables, Miami,
Florida.
A gentleman by the name
of Edward Leedskalnin,
who couldn't have been more
than 4'11", and maybe 103,
104 pounds, actually was able
to not only harvest giant blocks
of coral, but he was
even able to cut them,
and then hoist
them into position,
creating something
called the Coral Castle.
>> He moved over 1,000 tons
of heavy coral and molded it
to different shapes to make this
thing without any equipment.
He would do this at
night, without people
being able to see him.
>> Some of the kids would look
over the gate to see what he
was doing.
They said he'd
always be whistling.
He had this contraption
on this tripod,
with this magnetic
box at the top
and this gigantic magnetic
crank at the bottom.
>> And when asked, he said I've
discovered how the pyramids
and other large structures
were built. Most likely,
it was sound or some other form
of electromagnetic energy that
they used to resonate
the stone, lift it up,
and move it as though it
was light as a feather.
>> It's possible that more
examples like the Coral Castle
will be revealed
in our lifetime.
>> We're very fortunate today
that through archaeoacoustic
research, we are now very close
to being able to duplicate
the effect of those
megalithic temples.
And that is
tremendously exciting.
>> Science fiction has always
been ahead of science fact.
Exploring the capacity to
control gravitational field
may actually come from
understanding our far past.
The concept of
back to the future
emerges that knowledge
from the past
may lead us to an
extremely powerful
and successful and
sustainable future.
>> Assuredly, free energy
technologies are encoded within
those megalithic temples.
Also, ways in which we
can live in a manner that
is more harmonious
with the earth
and will enable us to create,
ultimately, a sustainable
civilization--
that's our quest,
and that's our goal.
>> Coming up next on
"Sound of Creation,"
we travel through time to see
the many mystical ways in which
sound has assisted in
humanity's evolution.